### About this documentation
This documentation gives an overview of those files included in this repository that are needed to replicate the results of "Kranz, S. and Pütz. P.: Methods Matter: p-Hacking and Publication Bias in Causal Analysis in Economics: Comment" (including the online appendix), aimed for publication in the AER.
The analyses were conducted using R 4.0.5 and Stata/IC 16.0 (64 bit, Windows). All R and Stata scripts are stored in the folder "Scripts", provided and created datasets are located in the folder "Data", manually created latex templates are stored in the folder "Tex_templates" and results obtained by running the scripts are stored in the folder "Results". 
All data sets and some Stata code used were provided by Abel Brodeur and are based (but potentially updated) on "Brodeur, Abel, Cook, Nikolai, and Heyes, Anthony. Data and Code for: Methods Matter: P-Hacking and Publication Bias in Causal Analysis in Economics. Nashville, TN: American Economic Association [publisher], 2020. Ann Arbor, MI: Inter-university Consortium for Political and Social Research [distributor], 2020-09-15. https://doi.org/10.3886/E120246V1".


### Manual to replicate the results
If you use RStudio, open the R project 
`mm_replication.Rproj` first, then all R scripts loaded into this project should run as they are. Adjustments of the paths should be only necessary for the Stata do-files.
If you do not use an R project, you have to set your working directory at the beginning of each R script (`setwd(…)`) to the directory where the scripts are located.

0. Install the required packages by using "install_packages.R". \
`source("Scripts/install_packages.R")`

1. Run the function "adapt.MM.data" in "make_new_data.R"" to create the adapted version of BCH's data set: \
`source("Scripts/make_new_data.R")` \
`adapt.MM.data()`

2. Run dsr_job.R to create immediate files for dsr derounding. Takes some time to run. \
`source("Scripts/dsr_job.R")`

3. Source "deround_bch.R" and run the function "study.windows.with.bch.data" to create data for randomization tests.\
`source("Scripts/deround_bch.R")`\
`study.windows.with.bch.data()`

4. Source "join_star_wars.R" to create data for comparing distribution of z-statistics over time (needed for Figure 5 in our comment, Figure 3 in BCH).\
`source("Scripts/join_star_wars.R")`

5. Source "ak_make_csv.R" and run the function "make.all.ak.csv()" to create data for the Andrews and Kasy approach. Then source "ak_table.R" and run the function "make.ak.tables" to create the statistics for the Andrews and Kasy method which is then summarized to tables (including our Table 3) in the next step, see below. \
`source("Scripts/ak_make_csv.R")`\
`make.all.ak.csv()`\
`source("Scripts/ak_table.R")`\
`make.ak.tables()`

6. Run/knit the RMD files in R to generate many of the figures, tables and statistics mentioned in the text:
* "ak_all_tables.Rmd" creates the results table for the Andrews and Kasy approach (including Table 3).
* "binom_tables.Rmd" creates the randomization tests (including Tables 1, A3 and A4).
* "excess-test-stats.Rmd creates the excess test statistics plots (including Figures 5 and A3).
* "remaining_tables_and_figures.Rmd" generates some of the remaining figures, tables and statistics generated by R, including Figures 1, 2 and Table A2.

7. The correlations and the specification tests for the Andrews and Kasy approach to generate Table A7 can be computed by sourcing "ak_cor.R" and running the function "compute.ak.cors", but this takes very long to run (half a day using 50 cores in parallel on our servers). Adjust "num.cores" everywhere in the script such that it fits your computing system. Note under Windows it you must set "num.cores" to 1... So better reduce the number of bootstrap replications "B". Otherwise pick the maximum number of available cores.\
`source("Scripts/ak_cor.R")`
`compute.ak.cors()`

8. "mc.R" contains code for the Monte-Carlo simulation (including Table A1). Takes long to run even when using 50 cores in parallel (on a Linux server). Adjust "num.cores" everywhere in the script such that it fits your computing system. Note under Windows it you must set "num.cores" to 1... So better reduce the number of Monte Carlo replications "repl". Otherwise pick the maximum number of available cores.\
`source("Scripts/mc.R")` \
`run.mc()`

9. We used the Stata Code provided by BCH with slight amendments to generate the caliper tests ("caliper_tables.do"), including Tables 2 and A5, and to generate Figures 3, 4, 5, A1 and A2 ("BCH_figures_replicated.do"). Adjust working directories whenever the command "cd" is used.
